halo my little princess, first of all i want to say sorry to you babe cause i've made a lot of mistakes, sorry that I can't understand your feelings, sorry that I can't be a good support system, and most of all I want to apologize for tonight because I have become someone who is really bad, you know I am someone who has very sensitive feelings , I just want to say that I really love you, but I don't know why you can make me unable to let you go, I really don't know why I can love you this sincerely, and in fact I really don't understand this feeling, maybe some reasons why I love you all I ever said was just an alibi, I always thought that if you ask that question, what should I say? I don't want to give you a disappointing answer, that's why I try to give you a satisfactory answer. why did i say my apologies for tonight? because I couldn't hold it in anymore, so I had to take a bottle of wine and boom, my very sensitive feelings going wild, I don't know if the apology and my feelings that I put in these words will be conveyed and in accordance with your expectations who want me to speak my heart when I'm drunk. since the last time I did something wrong this month to you, and when you said I just want to enjoying me time and you will continue writing the thesis after Eid, I'm very very happy because maybe I can spend more time with you, and I just think that you want the me time just for a couple of days and it turned out to be wrong. I gamble with my situation and myself,first i gambling with the situation, whether I should be able to survive with your situation like this, cause maybe you are testing me, and can I pass this test? I know a thing that being in a relationship doesn't just have to be chatting or calling, and my second bet is, "or is this just your way of keeping a distance to make me take a few steps back from you? dan aku tidak tahu apakah salah satu taruhanku menang atau kalah dikeduanya. all the things you said about N, that made you uncomfortable because N kept spamming you, now I feel it, not that I'm on N's side, but now I feel what N feels. I guess I just wasn't grateful for the past few months and wanted more of it, I was overconfident about it, like "I can get more than this, because I can get things I've never felt with you" because of my confidence This makes me not understand what the word grateful means. I kept praying to God "I beg to God, please make him mine" I believe that my prayer may or may not be answered later, and but I forgot one thing, for what God grants a servant who is less grateful, and constantly committed grievous sins, I guess that was the right thought from God for me. I'm afraid of my past repeating itself, being someone who is tired of praying and disappointed with God's decision, the past where I ran away from situations that involved my feelings for you, I should have been able to get through it, I kept holding on, I managed to hold it but the next day or a few hours later, the feeling will surely come back. I'm funny right?, I don't have a special relationship with you but I can't let you go. I also prayed to God "if he is not my destiny or soul mate, then why do you keep making me unable to let it go and give up on him?" again I thought about it, it's not that God doesn't want to grant it, but I myself made God not want to grant my requests and prayers, on this blessed night in this holy month I just tainted something that you forbid, so how do you want to grant it this is my request. I hope this is not the end of my struggle, because I am afraid that we will be strangers again, I will continue and continue to fight for you, and remain someone who constantly chats with you on wa, I still have goals that have not been accomplished, and I don't want to My aim was not accomplished, before you threw me out. for now i just keep believing in god and keep running it,and will you dive in to save me out or just left me behind. sekali lagi aku ingin meminta maaf karena sudah mengingkari janji ku untuk tidak meminum alkohol lagi, dan  aku minta maaf juga for this extremely sensitive feelings , dan aku juga minta maaf karena terus menerus berbicara panjang seperti ini, karena hal seperti ini sebenarnya tidak membuatku merasa lega, mungkin karena hasil yang diharapkan terkadang mengecewakan atau hanya tidak sesuai ekspektasi ku makanya aku tidak merasa lega sama sekali, dan kata kata tersebut hanya sebagian kecil dari isi hatiku, Please accept my apologies babeee.

thank you and good night honey bunch, and i hope you're get well very very very soon 

much love from me :*